## Class 04

### 1)What are the key differences between classes and objects in Python, and how are they used to create and manage instances of a class?

#### An object is an instance of a class that is generated by invoking the class constructor, whereas a class is a blueprint or template that specifies the properties and behaviors of objects. Classes can inherit from other classes and contain properties and methods. In addition to having their own scope, objects have properties and behavior that are governed by the class to which they belong. You define a class with its attributes and methods in order to generate and manage instances of it. Then, you use the class constructor with the class_name() syntax to create instances of the class. After that, you can access the objects' attributes and methods by using the dot notation.</br></br>

### 2)Explain the concept of recursion and provide an example of how it can be used to solve a problem in Python. What are some best practices to follow when implementing a recursive function?

#### Recursion is a programming technique where a function calls itself repeatedly to solve a problem. An example in Python is the factorial function:

```
def factorial(n):
    if n == 0:
        return 1
    else:
        return n * factorial(n-1)
```

#### The following guidelines should be followed when implementing recursive functions:

- #### Define the base case, or the case in which the function returns a value rather than calling itself.
- #### Ensure that the function eventually reaches the base case by defining the recursive case with smaller inputs.
- #### When it is appropriate, iteration can be used to prevent unnecessary recursion.</br></br>

### 3)What is the purpose of pytest fixtures and code coverage in testing Python code? Explain how they can be used together to improve the quality and maintainability of a project.

#### It is possible to create reusable objects for tests to use, such as establishing a database connection or setting up a mock service, using Pytest fixtures. The percentage of the codebase that has been tested is called code coverage. Fixtures can be used in conjunction to increase code coverage by supplying the necessary setup and objects for testing more areas of the code. This may result in a testing process that is more thorough and accurate, which would improve the project's maintainability and code quality. Fixtures and code coverage can make testing simpler to manage and maintain by ensuring that more of the code is tested and that tests are easier to write.
